<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="cuid-1" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Endnotes</title>
<link href="../assets/css/custom.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="remarks" id="cuid-2">
<header><h1 id="cuid-3" class="chtitle">Endnotes</h1></header>
<section epub:type="endnotes" role="doc-endnotes" aria-labelledby="cuid-3">
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot1">
<p><strong><sup>1</sup> Nambiar Rohit, &#x201C;Delivering excellence: Ola Parcel, the future of logistics in India&#x201D;, <a href="https://www.drivespark.com/off-beat/ola-parcel-launched-by-ola-offering-on-delivery-service-gen-039925.html"><span aria-hidden="true">https://www.drivespark.com/off-beat/ola-parcel-launched-by-ola-offering-on-delivery-service-gen-039925.html</span><span class="link-sr-only">Ola Parcel: A New Front of Ola's - DriveSpark Homepage</span></a>, October 7<sup>th</sup> 2023</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot2">
<p><strong><sup>2</sup> ibid.</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot3">
<p><strong><sup>3</sup> Singh Shubham, &#x201C;&#x2018;Start of an all electric 2W logistics ecosystem&#x2019;: Ola launches &#x2018;Parcel&#x2019; services in Bengaluru&#x201D;, <a href="https://www.businesstoday.in/auto/story/start-of-an-all-electric-2w-logistics-ecosystem-ola-launches-parcel-services-in-bengaluru-401070-2023-10-06"><span aria-hidden="true">https://www.businesstoday.in/auto/story/start-of-an-all-electric-2w-logistics-ecosystem-ola-launches-parcel-services-in-bengaluru-401070-2023-10-06</span><span class="link-sr-only">‘Start of an all electric 2W logistics ecosystem’: Ola launches 'Parcel' services in Bengaluru - BusinessToday Homepage</span></a>, October 6<sup>th</sup> 2023</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot4">
<p><strong><sup>4</sup> &#x201C;Delivering excellence: Ola Parcel, the future of logistics in India&#x201D;, op.cit.</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot5">
<p><strong><sup>5</sup> &#x201C;Redefining Mobility for Billions&#x201D;, <a href="https://www.olacabs.com/about"><span aria-hidden="true">https://www.olacabs.com/about</span><span class="link-sr-only">About us | Car rental | car hire | taxi India | olacabs.com Homepage</span></a></strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot6">
<p><strong><sup>6</sup> Kumar Shubham and Banerjee Anik, &#x201C;Ola Success Story - How Ola Became India&#x2019;s Leading Cab Aggregator&#x201D;, <a href="https://startuptalky.com/startup-story-ola/"><span aria-hidden="true">https://startuptalky.com/startup-story-ola/</span><span class="link-sr-only">Ola Success Story - Funding, Founders, Team, Revenue and More Homepage</span></a>, August 11<sup>th</sup> 2023</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot7">
<p><strong><sup>7</sup> Sen Abhijeet, &#x201C;Birth Of Ola: How Argument With A Cabbie Led Bhavish Aggarwal To Form $7.3 Billion Company&#x201D;, <a href="https://www.india.com/business/ola-cabs-how-argument-with-a-cabbie-gave-birth-to-bhavish-aggarwals-7-3-billion-company-6153251/"><span aria-hidden="true">https://www.india.com/business/ola-cabs-how-argument-with-a-cabbie-gave-birth-to-bhavish-aggarwals-7-3-billion-company-6153251/</span><span class="link-sr-only">Birth Of Ola: How Argument With A Cabbie Led Bhavish Aggarwal To Form $7.3 Billion Company Homepage</span></a>, July 7<sup>th</sup> 2023</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot8">
<p><strong><sup>8</sup> &#x201C;Ola Success Story - How Ola Became India&#x2019;s Leading Cab Aggregator&#x201D;, op.cit.</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot9">
<p><strong><sup>9</sup> Tak Yashashvi, &#x201C;Ola CEO Announces New Parcel Services With Fixed Delivery Fee&#x201D;, <a href="https://www.timesnownews.com/bengaluru/ola-ceo-announces-new-parcel-services-with-fixed-delivery-fee-article-104236366"><span aria-hidden="true">https://www.timesnownews.com/bengaluru/ola-ceo-announces-new-parcel-services-with-fixed-delivery-fee-article-104236366</span><span class="link-sr-only">Ola CEO Announces New Parcel Services With Fixed Delivery Fee Homepage</span></a>, October 7<sup>th</sup> 2023</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot10">
<p><strong><sup>10</sup> &#x201C;Ola Launches Parcel Delivery Service via Electric 2Ws in Bengaluru&#x201D;, <a href="https://startupstorymedia.com/insightsola-launches-parcel-delivery-service-via-electric-2ws-in-bengaluru/"><span aria-hidden="true">https://startupstorymedia.com/insightsola-launches-parcel-delivery-service-via-electric-2ws-in-bengaluru/</span><span class="link-sr-only">Startup Story | Inspiring startup stories, daily business updates, research Homepage</span></a>, October 7<sup>th</sup> 2023</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot11">
<p><strong><sup>11</sup> Rawat Singh Sudeep, &#x201C;Ola plans to launch e-rickshaw by the end of this month and ahead of IPO&#x201D;, <a href="https://www.business-standard.com/technology/tech-news/ola-plans-to-launch-e-rickshaw-by-the-end-of-this-month-and-ahead-of-ipo-124031300247_1.html"><span aria-hidden="true">https://www.business-standard.com/technology/tech-news/ola-plans-to-launch-e-rickshaw-by-the-end-of-this-month-and-ahead-of-ipo-124031300247_1.html</span><span class="link-sr-only">Ola plans to launch e-rickshaw by the end of this month and ahead of IPO | Tech News - Business Standard Homepage</span></a>, March 13<sup>th</sup> 2024</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot12">
<p><strong><sup>12</sup> &#x201C;Ola Marketing Strategy Explained&#x201D;, <a href="https://www.startupbooted.com/ola-marketing-and-growth-strategy-explained"><span aria-hidden="true">https://www.startupbooted.com/ola-marketing-and-growth-strategy-explained</span><span class="link-sr-only">Ola Marketing Strategy Explained | Startup Booted Homepage</span></a>, June 1<sup>st</sup> 2022</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot13">
<p><strong><sup>13</sup> On January 25<sup>th</sup> 2024, Ola had announced Hemant Bakshi as its new CEO.</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot14">
<p><strong><sup>14</sup> Lidhoo Prerna, &#x201C;Ola&#x2019;s mobility business reports Rs 250-cr profit in FY23 after Rs 66-cr loss in FY22&#x201D;, <a href="https://www.businesstoday.in/entrepreneurship/start-up/story/olas-mobility-business-reports-rs-250-cr-profit-in-fy23-after-rs-66-cr-loss-in-fy22-414891-2024-01-25"><span aria-hidden="true">https://www.businesstoday.in/entrepreneurship/start-up/story/olas-mobility-business-reports-rs-250-cr-profit-in-fy23-after-rs-66-cr-loss-in-fy22-414891-2024-01-25</span><span class="link-sr-only">Ola’s mobility business reports Rs 250 cr profit in FY23 after Rs 66 cr loss in FY22 - BusinessToday Homepage</span></a>, January 25<sup>th</sup> 2024</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot15">
<p><strong><sup>15</sup> &#x201C;Ola launches Ola Parcel, an all electric on-demand delivery service in Bangalore&#x201D;, <a href="https://www.olaelectric.com/newsroom/ola-launches-ola-parcel-an-all-electric-on-demand-delivery-service-in-bangalore"><span aria-hidden="true">https://www.olaelectric.com/newsroom/ola-launches-ola-parcel-an-all-electric-on-demand-delivery-service-in-bangalore</span><span class="link-sr-only">Ola launches Ola Parcel, an all electric on-demand delivery service in Bangalore Homepage</span></a>, October 6<sup>th</sup> 2023</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot16">
<p><strong><sup>16</sup> &#x201C;Ola Parcel launching today in Bengaluru. Here&#x2019;s all you need to know about it&#x201D;, <a href="https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/transportation/roadways/ola-parcel-launching-today-heres-all-you-need-to-know-about/articleshow/104216872.cms?from=mdr"><span aria-hidden="true">https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/transportation/roadways/ola-parcel-launching-today-heres-all-you-need-to-know-about/articleshow/104216872.cms?from=mdr</span><span class="link-sr-only">Ola Parcel launching today in Bengaluru. Here's all you need to know about it - The Economic Times Homepage</span></a>, October 6<sup>th</sup> 2023</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot17">
<p><strong><sup>17</sup> &#x201C;Ola enters parcel delivery market with competitive pricing in Bengaluru&#x201D;, <a href="https://www.thehindubusinessline.com/economy/logistics/ola-enters-parcel-delivery-market-with-competitive-pricing-in-bengaluru/article67392562.ece"><span aria-hidden="true">https://www.thehindubusinessline.com/economy/logistics/ola-enters-parcel-delivery-market-with-competitive-pricing-in-bengaluru/article67392562.ece</span><span class="link-sr-only">Ola enters parcel delivery market with competitive pricing in Bengaluru - The Hindu BusinessLine Homepage</span></a>, October 7<sup>th</sup> 2023</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot18">
<p><strong><sup>18</sup> &#x201C;Ola launches Ola Parcel, an all electric on-demand delivery service in Bangalore&#x201D;, op.cit.</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot19">
<p><strong><sup>19</sup> &#x201C;&#x201C;Start of an all electric 2W logistics ecosystem&#x201D;? Ola launches &#x2018;Parcel&#x2019; services in Bengaluru&#x201D;, op.cit.</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot20">
<p><strong><sup>20</sup> &#x201C;Ola launches parcel pick-up-and-drop service in Bengaluru&#x201D;, <a href="https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/tech/technology/ola-launches-parcel-pick-up-and-drop-service-in-bengaluru/articleshow/104221592.cms?from=mdr"><span aria-hidden="true">https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/tech/technology/ola-launches-parcel-pick-up-and-drop-service-in-bengaluru/articleshow/104221592.cms?from=mdr</span><span class="link-sr-only">ola: Ola launches parcel pick-up-and-drop service in Bengaluru - The Economic Times Homepage</span></a>, October 7<sup>th</sup> 2023</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot21">
<p><strong><sup>21</sup> Sen Sayan, &#x201C;YourStory &#x2013; Ola launches parcel delivery service via electric 2Ws in Bengaluru&#x201D;, <a href="https://yourstory.com/2023/10/ola-launches-parcel-delivery-services-electric-two-wheelers"><span aria-hidden="true">https://yourstory.com/2023/10/ola-launches-parcel-delivery-services-electric-two-wheelers</span><span class="link-sr-only">Ola launches parcel delivery service via electric 2Ws in Bengaluru | YourStory Homepage</span></a>, October 6<sup>th</sup> 2023</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot22">
<p><strong><sup>22</sup> &#x201C;Ola launches parcel pick-up-and-drop service in Bengaluru&#x201D;, op.cit.</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot23">
<p><strong><sup>23</sup> &#x201C;CAN OLA&#x2019;S PARCEL DELIVERY SERVICE REVOLUTIONIZE LOGISTICS IN INDIA?&#x201D;, <a href="https://ecosystemventures.in/2023/10/08/can-olas-parcel-delivery-service-revolutionize-logistics-in-india/"><span aria-hidden="true">https://ecosystemventures.in/2023/10/08/can-olas-parcel-delivery-service-revolutionize-logistics-in-india/</span><span class="link-sr-only">Ecosystem Ventures Page not found - Ecosystem Ventures Homepage</span></a>, October 8<sup>th</sup> 2023</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot24">
<p><strong><sup>24</sup> It is a one-stop platform to learn everything about startups &amp; business from actual entrepreneurs.</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot25">
<p><strong><sup>25</sup> &#x201C;Dunzo is dying. Swiggy Genie is burning. Yet, even Ola has decided to enter this market! Why&#x201D;, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/posts/builddco_dunzo-is-dying-swiggy-genie-is-burning-activity-7117373178951155712-SGCA"><span aria-hidden="true">https://www.linkedin.com/posts/builddco_dunzo-is-dying-swiggy-genie-is-burning-activity-7117373178951155712-SGCA</span><span class="link-sr-only">Dunzo is dying. Swiggy Genie is burning. Yet, even Ola has decided to enter this market! Why 🤯 A quick rewind... | buildd Homepage</span></a>, October 2023</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot26">
<p><strong><sup>26</sup> &#x201C;CAN OLA&#x2019;S PARCEL DELIVERY SERVICE REVOLUTIONIZE LOGISTICS IN INDIA?&#x201D;, op.cit.</strong></p>
</aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="foot27">
<p><strong><sup>27</sup> &#x201C;Dunzo is dying. Swiggy Genie is burning. Yet, even Ola has decided to enter this market! Why&#x201D;, op.cit.</strong></p>
</aside>
</section>
</body>
</html>
