<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="cuid-1" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Endnotes</title>
<link href="../assets/css/custom.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body class="remarks" id="cuid-2">
<section><header><h1 id="cuid-3" class="chtitle">Endnotes</h1></header>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-287"><p><sup>(1)</sup> GAAP Revenue is net of driver costs and incentive marketing.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-287b"><p><sup>(2)</sup> Sales &#x0026; Marketing does not include incentives.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-287c"><p><sup>(3)</sup> General &#x0026; Administrative includes $2.2M for legal reserves for worker classification lawsuits.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-287d"><p><sup>(4)</sup> Opex includes stock based compensation (approx. 10% of Non-GAAP cost).</p></aside>

<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-416"><p><sup>(1)</sup> Reflects the net amount recognized on the statement of operations associated with claims ceded under the Reinsurance Agreement, including any losses related to the deferral gains on the statement of operations and any benefit from the amortization of the deferred gain in the same period, to help investors understand the ultimate economic benefit of the Reinsurance Agreement.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-417-note2"><p><sup>(2)</sup> Includes a $36.8 million gain recognized in cost of revenue in the second quarter of 2022 on the consolidated statement of operations related to the Commutation Transaction, which effectively commuted and settled the Reinsurance Agreement. Refer to Note 6 &#x201C;Supplemental Financial Statement Information&#x201D; to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the Commutation Transaction.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-417-note3"><p><sup>(3)</sup> In the second quarter of 2021, we entered into a Reinsurance Agreement under which a third party reinsured certain legacy auto insurance liabilities. The total impact of the transaction to reinsure certain legacy auto insurance liabilities on our consolidated statement of operations was $20.4 million, with $20.2 million in cost of revenue and $0.2 million in general and administrative expense in the year ended December 31, 2021.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-417-note4"><p><sup>(4)</sup> In the first quarter of 2020, we transferred certain legacy auto insurance liabilities. The total impact of the transfer of certain legacy auto insurance liabilities on our consolidated statement of operations was $64.7 million, with $62.5 million in cost of revenue and $2.2 million in general and administrative expense in the year ended December 31, 2021.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-417-note5"><p><sup>(5)</sup> In the fourth quarter of 2022, we incurred $1.6 million of severance and other employee costs. Restructuring-related charges of $0.2 million for stock-based compensation and payroll taxes related to stock-based compensation are included on their respective line items.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-417-note6"><p><sup>(6)</sup> In the second and fourth quarter of 2020, we incurred $2.0 million of severance and other employee costs and $1.5 million of other restructuring charges. Restructuring-related charges for the stock-based compensation benefit of $4.2 million and payroll taxes related to stock-based compensation of $0.1 million are included on their respective line items.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-417-note7"><p><sup>(7)</sup> Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add up precisely to the totals provided.</p></aside>


<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-494"><p><sup>(1)</sup> Includes interest expense for Flexdrive vehicles and the 2025 Notes. $1.1 million related to the interest component of vehicle related finance leases in each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Refer to Note 8 &#x201C;Leases&#x201D; to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the interest component of vehicle-related finance leases.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-495-note2"><p><sup>(2)</sup> Includes a $135.7 million impairment charge related to a non-marketable equity investment and other assets in the third quarter of 2022, a $119.3 million pre-tax gain from the transaction with Woven Planet in the third quarter of 2021 and interest income which was reported as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of operations in periods prior to the second quarter of 2020.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-495-note3"><p><sup>(3)</sup> Reflects the net amount recognized on the statement of operations associated with claims ceded under the Reinsurance Agreement, including any losses related to the deferral gains on the statement of operations and any benefit from the amortization of the deferred gain in the same period, to help investors understand the ultimate economic benefit of the Reinsurance Agreement.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-495-note4"><p><sup>(4)</sup> Includes a $36.8 million gain recognized in cost of revenue in the second quarter of 2022 on the consolidated statement of operations related to the Commutation Transaction, which effectively commuted and settled the Reinsurance Agreement. Refer to Note 6 &#x201C;Supplemental Financial Statement Information&#x201D; to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the Commutation Transaction.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-495-note5"><p><sup>(5)</sup> Includes sublease income from subleases entered into as part of the transaction with Woven Planet in the third quarter of 2021. Sublease income prior to the third quarter of 2021 was immaterial. Refer to Note 4 &#x201C;Divestitures&#x201D; to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding our transaction with Woven Planet for the divestiture of certain assets related to our self-driving vehicles division, Level 5.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-495-note6"><p><sup>(6)</sup> Includes third-party costs incurred related to our acquisition of PBSC in the second quarter of 2022 and our transaction with Woven Planet in the second quarter of 2021. In the third quarter of 2022, this includes adjustments to the contingent consideration related to our acquisition of PBSC.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-495-note7"><p><sup>(7)</sup> In the second quarter of 2021, we entered into a Reinsurance Agreement under which a third party reinsured certain legacy auto insurance liabilities. The total impact of the transaction to reinsure certain legacy auto insurance liabilities on our consolidated statement of operations was $20.4 million, with $20.2 million in cost of revenue and $0.2 million in general and administrative expense in the year ended December 31, 2021.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-495-note8"><p><sup>(8)</sup> In the first quarter of 2020, we transferred certain legacy auto insurance liabilities. The total impact of the transfer of certain legacy auto insurance liabilities on our consolidated statement of operations was $64.7 million, with $62.5 million in cost of revenue and $2.2 million in general and administrative expense in the year ended December 31, 2021.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-495-note9"><p><sup>(9)</sup> In the fourth quarter of 2022, we incurred restructuring charges of $29.2 million of severance and other employee costs and $57.4 million related to lease termination and other restructuring costs. Restructuring related charges for stock-based compensation of $9.5 million, payroll taxes related to stock-based compensation of $0.3 million and accelerated depreciation of $23.9 million are included on their respective line items.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-495-note10"><p><sup>(10)</sup> In the second and fourth quarter of 2020, we incurred restructuring charges of $32.9 million of severance and other employee costs and $2.6 million related to lease termination and other restructuring costs. Restructuring related charges for the stock-based compensation benefit of $50.0 million, payroll taxes related to stock-based compensation of $0.7 million and accelerated depreciation of $0.5 million are included on their respective line items.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-495-note11"><p><sup>(11)</sup> Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add up precisely to the totals provided.</p></aside>

<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-688"><p><sup>(1)</sup> We exclude certain costs and expenses from our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA because management believes that these costs and expenses are not indicative of our core operating performance, do not reflect the underlying economics of our business, and are not necessary to operate our business. These excluded costs and expenses consist of (i) certain legal costs primarily related to worker classification matters, as well as a settlement entered into in connection with an initiative to serve underrepresented communities, (ii) reserves and settlements or other resolutions for or related to the collection of sales, indirect, and other taxes that we do not expect to incur on a recurring basis, (iii) costs related to the settlement of an intellectual property matter, (iv) expenses related to supporting various policy matters, including those related to worker classification, other labor law matters, and price controls, and (v) donations as part of our relief efforts in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia&#x2019;s invasion of Ukraine. We believe it is appropriate to exclude the foregoing matters from our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA because (1) the timing and magnitude of such expenses are unpredictable and thus not part of management&#x2019;s budgeting or forecasting process, and (2) with respect to worker classification matters, management currently expects such expenses will not be material to our results of operations over the long term as a result of increasing legislative and regulatory certainty in this area, including as a result of Proposition 22 in California and similar legislation.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-689-note2"><p><sup>(2)</sup> Consists of acquisition, integration, and investment related costs, primarily related to our acquisition of Wolt.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-689-note3"><p><sup>(3)</sup> Consists of impairment expense related to an operating lease right-of-use asset associated with our former headquarters.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-689-note4"><p><sup>(4)</sup> Consists primarily of adjustments to non-marketable equity securities, including impairment.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-689-note5"><p><sup>(5)</sup> Excludes stock-based compensation related to restructuring, which is included in restructuring charges in the table above.</p></aside>

<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-749"><p><sup>(1)</sup> We exclude certain costs and expenses from our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA because management believes that these costs and expenses are not indicative of our core operating performance, do not reflect the underlying economics of our business, and are not necessary to operate our business. These excluded costs and expenses consist of (i) certain legal costs primarily related to worker classification matters, as well as a settlement entered into in connection with an initiative to serve underrepresented communities, (ii) reserves and settlements or other resolutions for or related to the collection of sales, indirect, and other taxes that we do not expect to incur on a recurring basis, (iii) costs related to the settlement of an intellectual property matter, (iv) expenses related to supporting various policy matters, including those related to worker classification, other labor law matters, and price controls, and (v) donations as part of our relief efforts in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia&#x2019;s invasion of Ukraine. We believe it is appropriate to exclude the foregoing matters from our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA because (1) the timing and magnitude of such expenses are unpredictable and thus not part of management&#x2019;s budgeting or forecasting process, and (2) with respect to worker classification matters, management currently expects such expenses will not be material to our results of operations over the long term as a result of increasing legislative and regulatory certainty in this area, including as a result of Proposition 22 in California and similar legislation.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-750-note2"><p><sup>(2)</sup> Consists of acquisition, integration, and investment related costs, primarily related to our acquisition of Wolt.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-750-note3"><p><sup>(3)</sup> Consists of impairment expense related to an operating lease right-of-use asset associated with our former headquarters.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-750-note4"><p><sup>(4)</sup> Consists primarily of adjustments to non-marketable equity securities, including impairment.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="cuid-750-note5"><p><sup>(5)</sup> Excludes stock-based compensation related to restructuring, which is included in restructuring charges in the table above.</p></aside>

<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="ex7c-fn1"><p><sup>(1)</sup> Represents employer payroll taxes related to the vesting and settlement of certain equity awards.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="ex7c-fn2"><p><sup>(2)</sup> Represents certain legal, regulatory, and policy expenses related to worker classification matters.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="ex7c-fn3"><p><sup>(3)</sup> Represents sales and other indirect tax reserves, net of abatements, for periods in which we were unable to collect such taxes from customers. We believe this adjustment is useful for investors in understanding our operating performance because in these cases, the taxes were not intended to be a cost to us but rather to be borne by the customers.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="ex7c-fn4"><p><sup>(4)</sup> Represents the cost of all personal protective equipment distributed to shoppers during the COVID-19 pandemic. We ceased excluding this cost following the first quarter of 2022 as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and its variant outbreaks on our business subsided.</p></aside>
<aside epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote" id="ex7c-fn5"><p><sup>(5)</sup> Represents non-capitalizable expenses related to the public listing of our common stock and issuance costs related to the issuance of our Series A Preferred Stock.</p></aside>

</section>
</body>
</html>